Added a collection of Realdev Default Settings that can be set in the Country UI, and can optionally be used by planets instead of setting them in the Planet UI.*

Added Development Milestones. These can affect both the Target system and Ratios. These are a collection of triggers that modify the Target and Ratios based on the status of the planet or country they apply to.*

Added a "Space Colonizer" Origin that deals with Minor Colonies.*



Localised the Sprawl Workaround Plural.

Orbital Districts now also increase the upkeep of their job by 1% (For ones that affect specific jobs).

Commercial Platforms no longer give housing.

Corrected the modifier loc on the Orbital Admin District.

Fixed a scope issue on orbital districts that could spam the log.

Orbital Mining District now give Scrap Miners alloy bonuses.

The Shipping Deposit and Modifier now have an icon.

Added a setting under Space Exploitation to disable/enable showing the planet sizes of uninhabitables, with the side effect of always showing terraforming is available. It is default on.

Corrected the location of a text BG.

Reworded the ? button tooltip in the Exploit UI, to hopefully be slightly more clear.

Rewrote the Exploit Module Blurb in the ROCI settings menu.

Removed the Gas cost from the Exploit Research Construction.

Removed the Motes cost from the Exploit Alloy Foundry Construction.

Exploit decisions on uninhabitable planets are no longer able to show up if Exploit is disabled.

Fixed the Exploit Automation window being messed up.

Fixed the Autofab Automation window being messed up.

Fixed the Autofab Queue to build the Autofab being locked behind having the Autofab.

FE Buildings now provide jobs like the thing they upgrade from.

Added Bug Branch compat for the Buff Buildings and Functional Architecture, since I have to overwrite those.

The Dimensional Fabricator and Class-4 Singularity now provide +6 of the appropriate district.

Dimensional Fabricator now takes into account being on a Shattered Ring.

FE Buildings no longer produce any resources.

FE Buildings Upkeep reduced a bunch.

Fixed more errors.





The AI is now limited to 40 total orbital districts on a planet, pending a trigger overhaul for them.*

The AI no longer gets scaling Orbital District costs, pending a trigger overhaul for them.*

Added a setting for Shipping to modify shipping cost.*

Exploit decisions on uninhabitable planets are no longer able to show up if their planet/construction type is disabled.*

Added explicit build time info to Exploit UI tooltips.*

Spaceports now have modifiers to say what each orbital district costs in upkeep.*

Orbital Platforms now have their own scaling upkeep, instead of working it through the spaceport. The AI should be more careful about spamming them.*

Orbital Shipyard now has modifiers saying what it does.*

Orbital Defense Platform now has modifiers saying what it does.*

Fixed "Uses Orbital Slot" modifier showing up wherever the fuck it wants to.*

Added a Target mode for Industrial Production on planets, wherein they try to get a certain amount, either taking what they need from the country, or sending excess to the country.*

Added defaults for Target mode that are set on the Empire. Planets can choose between having Target Mode off, using Empire settings for it, or using Planet settings.*

Set Target Mode to be default Empire settings, and to request 100 IP be delivered. (This means every planet will, by default, get 100 IP, assuming there's enough to go around.)*

The realdev Assembly/Production toggle is now available at the Empire level, and planets by default use the Empire setting.*

Autofab now inherits Add modifiers, instead of needing it's own from Orbital Districts.*

Added a "Deconstruct all" button to the Planet Autofab UI.*

FE Buildings now make the job they affect have appropriate SR upkeep as well.*




Orbital Cities increase the upkeep of Districts by a flat and % amount.*

Added a decision to enable Swapping for Orbital Districts.*

Fixed Exploit starting Minor Colonies sometimes having incompatible loops on them.*

Added an Exploit setting to disable starting Minor Colonies starting with a loop.*

Made planets that are being colonized not get shipping costs.*

Updated the Autofab Automation Settings window, so now it doesn't need to close and reopen to update numbers.*

Merged the Exploit Minimum Stockpile menu with the Autofab Automation Settings window.*

Realdev Production Boost now has a cap based on how many Equipment Factories are on the planet, being 25 per. This cap applies during splitting, so Planet Build Speed will get any IP over this cap first, then it will follow normal inheritance rules.*

Made unused IP in Planet Aid be distributed to country uses.*

Overhauled Orbital Infrastructure so that it conflicts (Thematically and mechanically) much less with the Planetary Ring.*

Added a block to the Autofab Planet UI to show current "time" remaining on the current construction, total "time" for the entire Queue, and the current build speed modifier.*

Reduced FE buildings Flat production bonus, gave them a % production bonus, to work better with Orbital Districts.*

Realdev Assembly Speed Cap is now affected by select techs and APs.*



Added the Strategic Production module, that deals with the production of SRs, and how it's currently terrible in vanilla.*

Added the Subterannean Infrastructure module, dealing with construction projects beneath the surface.*

Moved Equipment Factory upgrades to their own techs.*

Made autofab retooling respect Realdev.*

Simplified autofab loop events. This should reduce the performance impact of lots of colonies building at once.*

Added a collection of effects that can be called to log autofab trigger values on things.*

Added a collection of effects that can be called to log orbital trigger values on things.*

Added a collection of effects that can be called to log exploit trigger values on things.*

Added a collection of effects that can be called to log realdev trigger values on things.*

Added a collection of effects that can be called to log cargo trigger values on things.*

Added a collection of effects that can be called to log shipping trigger values on things.*

Added an effect that can be called to log orbital values on things.*

Added an effect that can be called to log exploit values on things.*

Added an effect that can be called to log realdev values on things.*

Added an effect that can be called to log trade values on things.*

Moved the Trade Value provided by completed exploit constructions to the minor colonies.*

Optimized detection events for when Cargo Ships have Sudden Dissapearance Syndrome, or other circumstances in which a trade route is cancelled.*

Fixed minor colonies on game start not having mining stations on them for some reason.*

Changed trade routes to never expire. Instead, they are cancelled if you have the trade fleet do something else.*

Scripted more complex AI triggers involving all orbital platforms, so maybe they'll stop spamming specific ones in situations they don't belong.*

Gave the Realdev Empire UI the same treatment as the Planet UI, having a host of buttons that display numbers and tooltips about those numbers.*






Changed Assembly to have a per cap based on how many Roboticist (Or equivalent) jobs exist. Assembly Speed is now also "split" between them, like it is with shipyards. This will cause empires with lots of assembly jobs (Like machines) to require more IP to get the max boost.* Seems to not be necessary

Implemented a "Simple Mode" setting that changes various facets of Realistic Development to be easier to manage.* Not sure if this is actually necessary. Also I'm not sure what to do for it.

Trade Routes now also apply a +1 1/year decaying opinion modifier per cargo ship in the fleet. Empires with closer planets that get cargo ship visits more often will like you more(And vice-versa).* Looks to be impossible to implement how I want

Scripted more complex AI triggers for the Orbital Defense Platforms, so they are hopefully a bit more smart about it.* Not sure how to actually go about this. Will need some ideas.

Added a second colour to the Country Assistance slider in the realdev planet UI to show how much of the country stockpile is being used.* This hard

Fixed Gigas Ruined Ships blocking Minor Colonies.* This might not even be a problem.

Overhauled Exploit to have production work through a deposit on the Hosting Major Colonies instead.* This hard. And honestly not *that* neccesary

Merged some pulse events properly, to reduce performance impact.* Uh... save it for if this becomes a problem?

Reduced performance impact of Orbital stuff.* Uh... save it for if this becomes a problem?

Added support for Production Revolution's Manpower to Realdev. Manpower is now treated as pops for the purposes of IP generation.* Need to know the Manpower Variable

Capped Industrial Production on any 1 object to +/- 2 million, to avoid overflow.* Not sure if even necessary outside of edge cases where the system is broken anyway

Fixed Starting Minor Colonies having more construction than they should be able to support.* This is a PITA to try doing

Orbital Districts now also add a 0.1 alloy upkeep cost per job they affect. Those that don't affect jobs (Housing, Commercial) instead do 0.05 alloys per pop on the planet.* Might not do, see if current district upkeep is good enough

Added a Preset Empire for the Autofab Origin.* Maybe later, maybe never

Added a Preset Empire for the Space Colonizer Origin.* Maybe later, maybe never

Added a Branch Office Building that gives Industrial Production to both the planet owner and Megacorp. And a variant for Criminal Corps.* Need a way to have it affect the corp empire